---
layout: post
title:  "I. Welcome Amber!"
date:   2018-08-24 12:01:00 -0600
categories: misc
---

## Welcome ##
Welcome Amber! I made this website just for you. It is hosted online, but only people who know the url will be able to find it. (So only you.) 

I hope you have enjoyed the (self)care-package I sent you.

## What is this site for? ##
*Life is tough*. It is. I think it is easy to think that everyone has it together and for whatever reason you can't figure out their secret. The truth is: no one has it together. I sure as hell do not.

I have my struggles, and perhaps my struggles are separate from yours, but I thought it might be worth while to share with you some of the things I use on a daily basis to help. Personally, I (most likely) have depression with severe anxiety. This being said, a lot of what I use to cope is related to handling my depressive episodes and calming down my nerves. However, I feel like most of my depressive and anxious symptoms probably stem from some questions or struggles that most people face, regardless:

* Why am I here?
* What am I doing with my life?
* Do I love myself?
* How am I going to pay this month's rent?
* What am I doing with my future?
* What do I do when I can't handle the stresses of all these questions on my own?

I decided to make this site as a resource for you and to let you know that if you are feeling down or if you feel that you are facing some personal struggles in your own life, *you are not alone*. 

**I hope that I am not overstepping your boundaries here**, but I just want you to have a few things to look at if you ever feel you need it. And the best part!? I can update this site from my end whenever I find new stuff. If ever I think there's a good article or video I can just update it to this site and you can check it out yourself.

Perhaps in the future I can allow you a way to add information to it yourself so we can both share good information with each other and you can keep track of good information you find.

I hope you like this site, and I hope it can help you in any way shape or form.

Read [II. How to Use This Site](http://jrcodeodyssey.com/amber/misc/2018/08/24/how-to-use-this-site.html) next to figure out how to get the most out of this site.